accusing dr. Joel Khan of being
responsible for this is just as stupid
as accusing the janitor at the bank of
financial malfeasance that involves the
relationship between that bank and say
the federal government do you think dr.
Joel Khan controlled the financial
relationship between Beaumont Hospital
and Medicare or Medicaid TRICARE this
has little to do with dr. Joel cause
behavior as the behavior of a bank has
to do with the janitor who's there at
the front end of the bank cleaning the
floor it is definitely less dramatic and
less entertaining to simply start by
establishing the facts of the case but
let's go ahead and do that this will
show you exactly what it was that Jeff
Nelson was choosing to ignore what he
was misleading the audience about or
what he was intentionally lying about
this is an article that's very easily
found by googling around from the
Detroit Free Press Detroit Free Press is
a mainstream newspaper in Detroit this
is not some kind of obscure or difficult
to find source quote the improper pea
raiments outlined in the settlement
concerned Beaumont's billing to medicare
beaumont is the name of the institution
it's the name of the hospital ok
Beaumont is not a person okay so the
allegations concerned people presumably
in like the accounting department or at
some executive level of the institution
billing Medicare and TRICARE
inappropriately okay this this
allegation the nature of the allegation
the investigation and the settlement has
absolutely nothing to do with dr. Joel
Kahn he is not implicated it is not even
possible that he is responsible morally
for what happened in this situation no
more than if you have a bank account and
there were allegations that the bank did
something improper ethically morally or
in terms of accounting your name could
in theory come up in the article it
could even be that your bank account was
somehow used right like like somehow
they use paperwork that had your name on
it but you are not implicated in the
crime there's no allegation
there's no insinuation there's no
possibility that you committed the crime
you just had a bank account there okay
again it's just cool this is opening one
sentence long the improper PEYA range
nets big puzzle do you think dr. Joel
Khan controlled the pay arrangements at
Beaumont Hospital do you think dr. Joel
Cohn controlled the financial
relationship between Beaumont Hospital
and Medicare Medicaid TRICARE the
improper pea range meant
outlined in the settlement concerned
both wants billing to Medicare Medicaid
and TRICARE making the arrangements
potential violations of the federal
stark law anti-kickback statute and
False Claims Act accusing dr. Joel Conn
of being responsible for this is just as
stupid as accusing the janitor at the
bank of financial malfeasance that
involves the relationship between that
bank and say the federal government
they're reporting to the federal
government it is not plausible that the
janitor had anything to do with it that
morally or criminally the janitor was
making decisions that were decisive in
that okay even if I mean it's possible
the janitors name comes up in the
investigation it's possible his name is
on some paperwork because he does work
there okay you know given this and again
Jeff Nelson it is not possible that he
didn't know this he describes himself as
a journalist as an investor
journalist we have to hold them to that
standard Jeff Nelson veg source this is
not forgivable as mere ineptitude on
your part and Jeff you have already
revealed that you have a bias that you
have an agenda
you've already feel that you hate this
guy because you allege sequel unquote
was a creep in flirting with your
daughters and I believe you vaguely
stated with other cool unquote young
women your daughters are 27 your
daughters are 27 and constantly
broadcast on the internet that they're
single looking for a boyfriend looking
for a man looking for somebody to get
them pregnant have kids with constantly
your daughters did an interview with
PCRM with many in lab coats from PCRM
they did up podcast and out of the blue
that bring up for that pocket hey
they're single and they're looking for a
man okay if it is like of course with
Jeff Nelson he's such an instance ear
person I give his claims about dr. Joe
Khan being a creep horses that I give
them no credence I think they have no
credibility but if it were true the dr.
Joel Khan had some kind of flirtatious
or casual conversation with your
daughters about them being single or
trying to find a boyfriend how could
that possibly be inappropriate she just
had your daughter there two of them your
two daughters just had a stupid
pointless flirty conversation with the
medical doctors at PCRM on a medical
science cup podcast they bring it up on
their youtube channel to bring it up all
the time okay so that but you have
revealed that you as a cooling quote
journalist as a so-called investigative
journalist Jeff Nelson that you have an
agenda against this guy that you're not
being fair and neutral and reasonable
and there is no excuse for the
allegation the criminal allegation you
made against dr. Joe Khan okay one more
quotation here from Detroit Free Press
same newspaper article the settlement
which covered a lake behavior from 2004
2012 to be clear this is the behavior of
the hospital so this will concern either
like executive levels of the hospital or
the account
Department mean is just referring to the
hospitals institution has nothing to do
with the behavior of dr. Joe Kahn it is
as if this has little to do with dr.
Shulkin behavior as the behavior of a
bank has to do with the janitor who's
there at the front end of the bank
cleaning the floor and washing the
windows okay
alleged video from 2004 2012 was
prompted by four whistleblower
complaints the first from a world
renowned neuroscientist the
whistleblowers identified numerous
Beaumont doctors and administrators yet
none of the three doctors were accused
of wrongdoing in the whistleblowers
lawsuits against Beaumont against the
hospital against the institution which
were unsealed last week the settlement
agreement stated that Beaumont knowingly
had improper arrangements with all eight
doctors they were shocked to hear that
they were identified as wrongdoers the
three doctors attorney Martin Crandall
of Clark Hill in Detroit said Thursday
the essence of the whistleblower
complaint is that there were freebies
given to doctors none of them got any of
these alleged freebies yet they end up
in the settlement agreement okay well
why are we here on the Internet people
what why are we here I mean I have no
special effects I have no lighting crew
I have no interns there's no plot
there's no plot twist coming up here
okay if we are not on the Internet
to tell the truth get the [ __ ] off the
internet
okay Jeff Nelson at this point in the
year 2020 you're an old man you're
retired why are you in the vegan
movement if it is not for the progress
for the brighter future for the
betterment of the vegan movement get the
[ __ ] out of the vegan movement